they said
you are not like everyone else
birthday exploits
in this country
ccc
rub
tons
Hello
rub please
confirmation of your words
what to do
let's see how it will continue in
saturday a year has passed
now
sort out
with these programs
however and
Fokker plane
in the plane
in Kiev
only this will help
because in the middle of the river we won't
this project
lb.
slogans
any use
in translation into Russian or no agreement
no debt
no kings only man what such
an approach
go down even lower
and in this case
strange behavior
new
but he has
I first came to ask
doesn't it have
March 4th that earns in sweat
face aspect
not
everything belongs to the poor
Hungary
everything belongs in a year
probability
it belongs to everyone
allocation decision 4 0
i produce
he has
where the police is not limited
commission report
court
and
there is so as I understood so this
SUV built this city
what's strange under water
how interesting can you build a city under
by water
not